Which Instrument is used to measure Earthquake
What are the resources provided  to persons affected by natural disasters?
List  the impact factors due to which natural disaster can take place?
List the various Emergency situations
Display the list of necessary items in First Aid Box?
Display  the Flood prone area which are most affected.
What are the causes  for Flood?
Detail of all earthquake in india from 1950 till date with decresing order 
Provide detail of the earthquake of highest magnitude.
Provide detail of all earthquake which occur in kutch district of Gujarat till date with highest magnitude at top .
How to measure the Earthquake?
What is Richter Scale?
Who Devised Richter Scale?
Who First Detected The Seismic Waves?
What are the causes of Tsunami?
What is Palmer index?
What are the strategies of Disaster management?
What percentage of total cyclone prone area in India?
Who heads the National disasterManagement authority of india?
How much of India’s coastline is vulnerable to disasters?
Where do earthquakes occurs most frequently?
Tsunamis are most commonly found in which ocean?
Which type of scale is richter scale?
What hazards can affect the given area? 
Who and what will be most at risk due to the given situation? 
What are the main reasons for their vulnerability toward the given hazards? 
What resources and capabilities are available for effective response actions during disaster occurrence?
What are the major consequences of Tropical cyclones? 
What are the major man made causes of floods?
What type of disaster is most prominent in India?
Which techniques are used for prediction of early warning of eruption? 
What are the effects of floods?
Which agencies are the National Disaster Risk Reduction stakeholders? 
Where is National Institue of Disaster Management?
How much percentage of Indian land is prone to earthquakes? 
What are the causes of Landslide? 
What are the essential items in first aid kit?
In which month in India, floods are likely to occur? 
What types of disaster are most predominant in India?
How to measure the size of flood?
What resources are needed during a natural disaster?
	








